README.md, before:

# OBS VNC Source

## Introduction

This plugin is a VNC viewer that works as a source in OBS Studio.

List of properties are available [here](doc/properties.md).

## Preparing a VNC Server
### Windows
If you are to view Windows desktop by this plugin, these two VNC server applications are my recommendation.
- [TightVNC](https://www.tightvnc.com/download.php)
- [UltraVNC](https://www.uvnc.com/downloads/ultravnc.html)

For UltraVNC users who want to send secondary display,
please check 'Show Secondary Display' in Screen Capture tab, UltraVNC Server Settings.
The UltraVNC Server Settings in found in your Start menu, not the right-click menu from the task icon.

### MacOS
MacOS has a builtin VNC server named Screen Sharing service.

### Multi-display
The generic VNC protocol does not have an option to select display.
Most VNC servers send whole desktop but some VNC servers for Windows have the ability to select a display.

As a workaround of multi-display, the plugin provides settings `Skip update (left/right/top/bottom)`.
these settings will avoid tranfering unnecessary picture.
It is recommended to set the same values to the Crop settings in Scene Item Transform of your source.

## Furture plan

* configurations for hide cursor, user-name, etc.,
* and other items if requested.

Commit message:

Forward error and log messages to obs

README.md, after:

# OBS VNC Source

## Introduction

This plugin is a VNC viewer that works as a source in OBS Studio.

List of properties are available [here](doc/properties.md).

## Preparing a VNC Server
### Windows
If you are to view Windows desktop by this plugin, these two VNC server applications are my recommendation.
- [TightVNC](https://www.tightvnc.com/download.php)
- [UltraVNC](https://www.uvnc.com/downloads/ultravnc.html)

For UltraVNC users who want to send secondary display,
please check 'Show Secondary Display' in Screen Capture tab, UltraVNC Server Settings.
The UltraVNC Server Settings in found in your Start menu, not the right-click menu from the task icon.

### MacOS
MacOS has a builtin VNC server named Screen Sharing service.

### Multi-display
The generic VNC protocol does not have an option to select display.
Most VNC servers send whole desktop but some VNC servers for Windows have the ability to select a display.

As a workaround of multi-display, the plugin provides settings `Skip update (left/right/top/bottom)`.
these settings will avoid tranfering unnecessary picture.
It is recommended to set the same values to the Crop settings in Scene Item Transform of your source.

## Trouble-shooting

If something wrong happened, check the log file by navigating `Help` -> `Log Files` -> `View Current Log`.
Messages from this plugin will be marked as `[obs-vnc]` and `[obs-vnc/libvncclient]`.

## Furture plan

* configurations for hide cursor, user-name, etc.,
* and other items if requested.
